RHIDP-12608/12573: MCP doc updates for 1.10 (#2168)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/integrate_interacting-with-model-context-protocol-tools-for-rhdh/assembly-automate-software-templates-by-using-scaffolder-mcp-tools.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]

[id="automate-software-templates-by-using-scaffolder-mcp-tools_{context}"]

> = Automate Software Templates by using Scaffolder MCP tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Automate software templates by using Scaffolder MCP tools
```
"Software Templates" should not be capitalized mid-title (Red Hat SSG: Use sentence-style capitalization)

Author: But I believe we have started mentioning "Software Templates" in upper case across our docs:

https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.9/html/customizing_red_hat_developer_hub/about-software-templates_customizing-rhdh#version-a-software-template-in-rhdh_about-software-templates

:context: automate-software-templates-by-using-scaffolder-mcp-tools

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the Scaffolder Model Context Protocol (MCP) (`scaffolder-mcp-extras`) tools to facilitate Software Template development and troubleshooting in {product-very-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Scaffolder Model Context Protocol (MCP) (`scaffolder-mcp-extras`) tools to query available actions, validate templates with dry-runs, and retrieve task logs during software template development in {product-very-short}.
```

Author: We will have to retain "the" before Scaffolder MCP because we are using an identifier after that "tools".
There should always be an article before the noun if there is an identifier after the noun.
